feat(state): add the structured state schema and a deterministic serializer

Step 2a of stage 2: the shape of the structured half, and the guarantees that
make it safe to write to disk.

A character sheet mixes content that must not share a representation.
Classification was done against the real template, section by section:

  structured  identity, abilities, combat stats, saves, skills, attacks,
              spell slots, spells, equipment, currency
  narrative   character pillar, backstory, and Features & Traits — whose
              entries are `**name** — prose`, which formatting would destroy

Each field gets exactly one home, so the two files cannot drift. The failure
that motivated this: state.md said Alice had one 1st-level slot left while
alice.md said two, with no rule for which won, because the same fact was
maintained by hand in two places.

Two measured JavaScript behaviours are handled explicitly, both silent:

  Integer-like keys are hoisted and sorted by the engine.
    {Zombie:1, "10":x, "2":y, Alpha:2, "1":z} -> 1, 2, 10, Zombie, Alpha
  Spell-slot levels are exactly these keys, so they are sorted numerically
  rather than trusted to insertion order. Skill and item names are not
  integer-like, keep the DM's ordering, and are preserved.

  Duplicate keys resolve to the last with no error.
    JSON.parse('{"Robe":1,"Robe":2}') -> {"Robe":2}
  A hand-edited file can lose data quietly, so parseState scans for duplicates
  and reports them, and the write path takes structured objects only.

Determinism is a requirement here, not polish: the reason to split the state
out of the narrative was a legible history, so equal input must give
byte-identical output. Top-level and nested keys are canonicalized, unicode is
emitted literally (CJK stays readable rather than becoming \uXXXX), NaN is
coerced to null, and serialize->parse->serialize is asserted idempotent.

Containers every consumer reads are materialized rather than omitted, so the
panel can render an empty section without distinguishing absent from empty.

26 assertions. Three failed on first run and two were real gaps — `combat.ac`
was never coerced because it is a scalar inside an otherwise nested object, and
bare states produced no empty containers at all. The third was my own test
comparing lines by index, which over-reports once a line is inserted; it now
compares line multisets, the same correction the TOML decision needed.
